DEVX-2281: Beginner Cloud CLI tutorial improvements: fix documentatio… (#873)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/docs/beginner-cloud.rst

      ccloud kafka topic create demo-topic-1

#. Start producing to this topic ``demo-topic-1`` by running the following command:

   .. code-block:: bash

      ccloud kafka topic produce demo-topic-1

> #. The CLI waits for you to type data at the prompt, so type a few characters each on a new line. For example, type th enumbers 1 through 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The CLI waits for you to type data at the prompt, so type a few characters each on a new line. For example, type the numbers 1 through 5:
```

Reviewer: Just to note, the start.sh script produces numbers 1-10.

Author: @awalther28 good catch.  Dropping script down to 5 as well.

      ccloud kafka topic consume demo-topic-1 -b

#. Verify your output resembles the following. It is expected to be out of order because of round-robin partitioner:

   .. code-block:: text

      Starting Kafka Consumer. ^C or ^D to exit

>       1

Reviewer: Just to note, the start.sh script consumes numbers 1-10.

Author: @awalther28 good catch.  Dropping script down to 5 as well.

#. Create a local configuration file ``/tmp/client.config`` with |ccloud|
   connection information using the newly created |ak| cluster and the API key
   and secret for the service account. Substitute your values for the bootstrap
   server and credentials just created.

   .. code-block:: text

       sasl.mechanism=PLAIN
       security.protocol=SASL_SSL
       bootstrap.servers=pkc-4kgmg.us-west-2.aws.confluent.cloud:9092

>        sasl.jaas.config=org.apache.kafka.common.security.plain.PlainLoginModule required username='ESN5FSNDHOFFSUEV' password='nzBEyC1k7zfLvVON3vhBMQrNRjJR7pdMc2WLVyyPscBhYHkMwP6VpPVDTqhctamB';

Reviewer: This also differs in the start.sh

Author: 👍 and resolved
